[
  {
      Stonehenge:"Time crumbles things; everything gorws old and is forgotten under the power of time."
                 "- Aristotle"
               
      The Great Library:"Libraries are as the shrine where all the relics of the ancient saints, full of true virtue, and all that without delusion or imposture are preserved and reposed.."
                        "- Sir Francis Bacon"
               
      The Pyramids:"O, let not the pains of death which come upon thee enter into my body. I am the god Tem, and I am in the foremost part of the sky, and the power which protecteth me is that which is with all the gods forever.."
                   "- The Book of Dead, translated by Sir Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge"
               
      The Great Lighthouse:"They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters; these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.."
                           "- The Bible, Psalms 107:23-24"
               
      Hanging Gardens:"I think that if ever a mortal heard the word of God it would be in a garden at the cool of the day."
                      "- F. Frankfort Moore"
                      
      Colossus:"Why man, he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus; and we petty men walk under his huge legs, and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves."
               "- William Shakespeare: Julius Caesar"
      
      Terracotta Army:"Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death."
                      "- Sun Tzu"
      
      Oracle:"The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing."
             "- Socrates"
      
      Great Wall:"The art of war teaches us to rely not the likelihood of the enemy's... not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable."
                 "- Sun Tzu"
               
      Hagha Sophia:"For it soars to a height to match the sky, and as if surging up from amongst the other buildings it stands on high and looks down upon the remainder of the city, adorning it, because it is a part of it, but glorying in its own beauty."
                   "- Procopius, De Aedificis"
      
      Chichen Itza:"The katun is established at Chichen Itza. The settlement of the Itza shall take place there. The quetzal shall come, the green bird shall come. Ah Kantenal shall come. It is the word of God. The Itza shall come."
                    "- The Books of Chilam Balam"
      
      Machu Picchu:"Few romances can ever surpass that of the granite citadel on top of the beetling precipices of Machi Picchu, the crown of Inca Land.."
                   "- Hiram Bingam"
      
      Angkor Wat:"The temple is like no other building in the world. It has towers and decoration and all the refinements which the human genius can conceive of."
                 "- Antonio da Magdalena"
      
      Alhambra:"Justice is an unassailable fortress, built on the brow of a mountain which cannot be overthrown by the violence of torrents, nor demolished by the force of armies."
               "- Joseph Addison"
      
      Notre Dame:"Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book."
                 "- Victor Hugo"
               
      Sistine Chapel:"I live and love in God's peculiar light."
                     "- Michelangelo Buonarroti"
               
      Forbidden Palace:"Most of us can, as we choose, make this world either a palace or a prison."
                       "- John Lubbock"
               
      Leaning Tower of Pisa:"Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building."
                            "- John Osborne"
      
      Himeji Castle:"Bushido is realized in the presence of death. This means choosing death whenever there is a choice between life and death. There is no other reasoning."
                    "- Yamamoto Tsunetomo"
      
      Louvre:"Every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and the sun."
             "- Ralph Waldo Emerson"
      
      Taj Mahal:"The Taj Mahal rises above the banks of the river like a solitary tear suspended on the cheek of time."
                "- Rabindranath Tagore"
      
      Porcelain Tower:"Things always seem fairer when we look back at them, and it is out of that inaccessible tower of the past that Longing leans and beckons."
                      "- James Russel Lowell"
      
      Eiffel Tower:"We live only to discover beauty. All else is a form of waiting."
                   "- Kahlil Gibran"
               
      Statue of Liberty:"Give me your tider, your poor,"
                        "Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,"
                        "The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
                        "Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,"
                        "I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
                        "- Emma Lazarus"
               
      Cristo Redentor:"Come to me, all who labor and are heavy burdened, and I will give you the rest."
                      "- The Bible, Matthew 25:28"
               
      Kremlin:"The Law is a fortress on a hill that armies cannot take or floods wash away."
              "- The Prophet Muhammed"
      
      Neuschwanstein:"...the location is one of the most beautiful to be found, holy and unapproachable, a worthy temple for the divine friend who has brought salvation and true blessing to the world."
                     "- King Ludwig II of Bavaria"
               
      Sydney Opera House:"Those who lose dreaming are lost."
                         "- Australian Aboriginal saying"
               
      CN Tower:"Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special rules."
               "- Aristotle"
               
      Pentagon:"In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensible."
               "- Dwight D. Eisenhower"
               
      Hubble Space Telescope:"The wonder is not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has measured it."
                             "- Anatole France"

      Wonder Completed: "You have managed to build [wonderName]!"
  /*
  //After each quotes should follow two empty spaces first, and then the "You managed to build"
  //All should take place in one message.
  */
  }
]
